# Prerequisites
Before configuring the solution to run it locally and/or in azure you must have the following prerequisites:

- A **domain name** - This domain name will be used to host the solution's core components.
- An **SSL wildcard certificate** - A valid wildcard certificate for the domain mentioned in the previous point. This is required to establish a TLS/TCP control channel between the bot's media platform and the calling clouds. The certificate must be in .pem and .pfx formats.
- An **Office 365 tenant with Microsoft Teams** enabled - If the organization is already using Microsoft Teams for their meetings, then you already have an Office 365 tenant configured.
    - Note that you need the create an app registration in this tenant with permissions to join meetings and send and receive audio and video in those meetings. These permissions will need to be approved by your Office 365 tenant administrator. You can find more details about the permissions in the [Azure Bot](azure_bot.md) document.
    - If your organization doesn't want to provide the necessary permissions for the solution to connect to the meetings, or you just want to test this solution in an isolated tenant, you can obtain a new testing tenant using Office 365's [Developer Program](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/dev-program).
- [An Azure Bot](azure_bot.md) - This will be used to add calling capabilities to the bot, to authenticate against the Microsoft Graph APIs and connect the solution to the meetings that are hosted in your tenant.
- If you plan to deploy this solution to the cloud then you will need an **Azure subscription** to create the required resources to host the solution. Also, Azure AD needs to be used to created several app registrations for authentication and authorization.